1.  Still, it will be unnecessary to go to the center of our galaxy, at least at that particular time, for nearby objects will produce sufficient energy to serve Earth's needs.
 This new energy source, in fact, the energy type itself, will enable terrestrials to develop new forms of space travel. 
Contact251_600_610.mp3

2.  Yet, they will have success in as much as they will discover an incredibly important factor in the Creational formula.
 Thereafter another danger from space will threaten the terrestrial world, this time from the depths of the central Universe. 
Contact251_610_620.mp3

3.  This also is the time when geriatric research, through genetic reverse-manipulation, will release the human population from the premature aging's curse; a curse that was brought about, long ago, in the initial fighting peoples' genes by the gene manipulators, the "creator-overlords".
 This reverse manipulation will afford Man an even longer life span than that achieved by terrestrial geneticists through prior procedures, whereby human lives increased to an average life expectancy of four hundred years. 
Contact251_620_630.mp3

4.  The contacts will lead to a collaboration instead, resulting in the previous genetic manipulation's definitive reversal.
 This action, in turn, will result in the birth of new descendants who will be normal and no longer be degenerate. 
Contact251_630_640.mp3

5.  Despite the incredible knowledge that extraterrestrial intelligences will have passed on to the terrestrials, by far not every mystery about everything will have been penetrated or unraveled.
 Therefore, research will continue into all facet including that of astronomy, and scientists will subsequently penetrate to the center of the Milky Way to investigate its secrets and those of the Black Hole. 
Contact251_640_650.mp3

6.  More of this incredibly inexpensive energy will be generated than Man on Earth can utilize.
 The cost of living will therefore drop to nearly zero. 
Contact251_650_660.mp3

7.  Money may eventually be prohibited by law in the distant future; such a development is just as predestined to occur as the one in the near future when the breeding of animals will be abolished.
 Geneticists will eventually discover a method that enables plants to produce the animal protein required by human beings. 
Contact251_660_670.mp3

8.  Although mention is made in the predictions of the genetically-manipulated descendants' adaption to the Earth's atmosphere, no information is given about scientists discovering the Earth's atmosphere being unsuitable for human beings, and the fact that it contributes greatly to their rapid aging process.
 Furthermore, no mention is made about scientific discoveries which will, supposedly, lead to the imminent production of air that is more healthful and beneficial to the human body than before. 
Contact251_670_680.mp3

9.  Yet, once again, many dangers will be linked to their discoveries; some will be of a physical nature, while others will be the result of encounters with intelligences from other dimensions.
 To this end, renewed conflicts will erupt and many events will become a reality that previously were slighted as science-fiction fantasies. 
Contact251_680_690.mp3

10.  Three hundred years later, scientists will once again create a horrendous calamity, for their conceit and arrogance will push them to the point where they see themselves as "God", and in their megalomania they will perceive themselves as equals to Creation and as being irreplaceable in every way.
 Afterward, nearly one hundred years later, a very vicious and aggressive act takes place on Man's neighbor planet, Mars, when numerous spaceships will attack and completely annihilate the planet until even its substance is eliminated. 
Contact251_690_700.mp3

11. Everything will transpire as it must: After the disastrous blunders by terrestrial scientists, terrestrials will suffer from the scientists' attempts to destroy the Destroyer, and the scientists' arrogance and conceit will plummet.
 They will congregate around them ordinary people and flee from the threatened planet Earth. 
Contact251_700_710.mp3

12.  For nearly 100 years afterward, the Sun will generate gigantic eruptions and nuclear fusions once again, as well as protuberances that will extend far into space.
 By this time the planetary orbits will be destroyed to a point where they will no longer circle around the Sun. 
Contact251_710_720.mp3

13.  In the more distant future, women will fully regain their former original equal status and rights in the men's world with regard to their complete duties, assignments and tasks.
 A joint female-male relationship will come to exist, as it did in earliest times when men and women stood shoulder-to-shoulder, with total equality of rights as they functioned and worked together. 
Contact251_720_730.mp3

14.  For this reason all humans must become very meticulous about their personal hygiene and must avoid physical contact with people of questionable health status.
 There should be paid great attention for harmless disesases and infections, because in future times these can turn into much graver and even incurable illness. 
Contact251_730_740.mp3

15.  The same also holds true for Sirius intelligences who are completely different human races outside the Enoch (Henok) lineage; indeed, they have no hereditary link whatsoever with the descendants of the former "creator-overlords".
 Today's Pleiadians, or rather Plejarans, and the Lyrians, along with the current peoples of the Enoch-Nokodemion lineage (or Nokodemion-Enoch) who reside in the DAL Universe, are all part and parcel of the human life form that is exceedingly elevated in its consciousness and spirituality. 
Contact251_740_750.mp3

16.  They did not want a confrontation since they wished to travel their own path but, additionally, they did not want to be driven into combat with the other Enoch (Henok) lineage due to their different world view.
 This discrepancy in world view eventually had led the "creator-overlords" to breed the genetically-manipulated peoples, an act of which both the Old Lyrians and their descendants, the Pleiadians/Plejarans, strongly disapproved. 
Contact251_750_760.mp3

17.  Thus the descendants of the Old Lyrians-Vegans were also confronted with and subjected to genetic manipulation in the same manner as all other humans on Earth.
 Their interactions took place in a relatively brief period, since approximately a paltry 3 thousand years later no human life forms could be found on the planet who were not heretically affected by the genetic manipulation. 
Contact251_760_770.mp3

18.  They hoped, therefore, that the human SOL system inhabitants would never rise again nor would they embark upon a return trip to their Ur-homeland.
The Old Lyrians-Vegans gradually began changing their mental outlook and started to abide by the spiritual teachings, hence, the Creational-natural laws and directives, whereupon their overall evolution began to advance rapidly, and they greatly elevated themselves spiritually. 
Contact251_770_780.mp3

19.  An interesting item for the group, and for everyone else, may be that certain points pertaining to the extraterrestrial intelligences' visits had been off-limit for discussion for several years, except for those items your people, you in particular, had already mentioned.
 You had already told me that I could openly speak about them upon your withdrawal. 
Contact251_780_790.mp3

20.  Such matters have no factual basis.
 Extraterrestrials will create a big flurry on Earth in the future when their interests concern other matters than excursions or expeditions. 
Contact251_790_800.mp3

